Now we're still gonna see
that same error in the API.
It's still gonna be the exact same error,
I actually did not solve
that error whatsoever.
But I'm gonna walk us through keeping
that error and then going through app and
passing that error down.
Okay, so here, we're gonna have
the exact same DynamoDBClient.
So, here our dbStore is
database.DynamoDBClient,
which is this struct here.
Can go back, and here,
instead of giving our
dbStore as a string,
could do database DBClient.
And here, if we open up dbStore,
there you go, now it's satisfied.
With the typing from dbStore initializing
that DynamoDBClient here, okay?
But then the question remains of where do
we actually call this new API handler to
pass in the dbStore actual initialization
and the actual declaration of it, right?
And that's all gonna happen in the app.go.
So if you go up here,
go all the way up to app.go.
I'm gonna do package app, okay?
And I'm gonna do an App type,
App is a struct, and
this App struct is gonna
contain one thing.
If we kinda continue our scheme of layers,
right, our API layer is calling
our database layer, then our app
layer is gonna call our API layer.
So here we're gonna do ApiHandler, and
it's important you do capitalize it.
I'm gonna do import,
it's gonna be lambda-func/api.
And this type's gonna be api.ApiHandler.
Okay, so you can see, we basically are
doing the exact same thing three times.
But every layer has a particular purpose.
DB layer, API layer and
the actual app initialization layer.
Let's do a func NewApp,
it's not gonna take any arguments,
it's gonna return instead, an App struct.
And in here, this is where we
actually initialize our dbStore.
And that initialization gets
passed down into the API handler.
Cool, so let's go ahead and do that,
so first we need to not only bring
in the API, let's go ahead and
bring in the lambda-func/database, okay?
What's going on here?
Typo, cool.
We go down here,
let's initialize our DB, so
we're gonna do dp is gonna
be database.NewDBClient.
I'm gonna call this function, okay?
Not DBClient, NewDynamoDBClient, cool.
I'm gonna put apiHandler is going to
be api.NewAPIHandler, and
expects an argument,
which is our db, okay?
So you can see here, we're kinda doing
this piping down our db initialization
into our API handler, and
the type satisfies what we expect.
Our database.DynamoDBClient is
what we expect this type to be.
And because we're initializing it and
it's returning this DynamoDBClient,
that's why we can do this, okay?
And then lastly, we need to turn app,
and in here is ApiHandler to apiHandler.
So now we've basically constructed
our project structure.
We have this app, and our app is
going to have access to one field,
which is ApiHandler.
And that ApiHandler is gonna have
access to our database field.
So we can do .dbStore and
modify our values in our DB or
any kind of interaction we
have with our database.
But the question remains
what do we do with app?
Where do we actually call,
we've called everything else.
We've called the client, we've called
the ApiHandler, where do we call app?
So we'll actually call
this in our function main.
And right now it's not gonna do anything.
But you can do myApp.
You can do, let's say you have to
bring it in, so let's pull it in.
So it's lambda-func/app,
can go all the way down.
And here, you can put app.NewApp, okay?
It's gonna complain that it's unused,
that's fine, let's ignore it for now.
But we will be definitely using this,
right?
So now we have everything piped for
the rest of our application.